
# 2025-06-08

__(11:58)__ I want to give up studying quarto-nvim.
            I have an already good markdown setup here
            and I dont want to waste more time setting up.
            This is good, I have setup these things in wiki.vim:
                - Telescope integration for:
                    - tags, 
                    - pages, 
                    - links, and
                    - toc.
                - Tag parser for `#tag`
            Some problems that I have currently:
                - No good way of writing tasks yet. Nice haves would be:
                    - [x] Telescope integration for finding tasks
                    - [x] Convenient writing of tasks
                    - Setting deadlines
                - No autocompletion in codeblocks
                    - [ ] Maybe otter.nvim can help me out here 
                - Conceal on code blocks
                    - Maybe I need dedicated markdown previewer
                      but I want the simplicity of this setup.
                - No ergonomic way of writing markup such as **boldface**
                  and *italicized*
                    - [ ] There's also this bug where italicized characters
                          are cut (or not displayed completely).

__(12:09)__ Things I should do today:
                - [ ] Study EE lec, **exam** tomorrow
                - [x] Plan with my group in HUM034 for **Art Porfolio**
                - [x] Plan with my group in MSE101 for **Group Reporting**

__(12:30)__ Maybe I should do proot-distro on this phone?

__(13:08)__ Done with the MSE part

__(13:14)__ I want to use the replace `++` snippet that
            Luke Smith uses.

__(14:46)__ I will plan the **Art Protfolio** now.

__(15:04)__ I have done it. All that is left now is to study Electronics.
            I'm very lazy so I will procrastinate.

__(16:19)__ I found the one I was pertaining about in 13:14,
            `nmap ,, norm /<++>nca<`
                - it finds an ocurrence of `<++>` and replaces it

__(18:19)__ How should I integrate wiki.vim with my college notes?
            Maybe not. I should study EE lec now.

__(18:21)__ To add, I have a fairly good markdown previewer---it can
            render KaTeX and all so that's that.

__(18:55)__ Maybe having the raw Markdown experience in Neovim is better.
            - [x] I can maybe use snippets.

__(21:03)__ Oh my god I did the Telescope integration thingy and I am so T^T.
